Add comma and minor style changes (#4898)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/installation.rst

Then see ``depends/install_raqm.sh`` to install libraqm.

> Prerequisites are installed on recent **RedHat**, **Centos** or **Fedora** with::

Reviewer: [Red Hat](https://www.redhat.com/en) and [CentOS](https://www.centos.org/):
```suggestion
Prerequisites are installed on recent **Red Hat**, **CentOS** or **Fedora** with::
```

    sudo dnf install libtiff-devel libjpeg-devel openjpeg2-devel zlib-devel \
        freetype-devel lcms2-devel libwebp-devel tcl-devel tk-devel \
        harfbuzz-devel fribidi-devel libraqm-devel libimagequant-devel libxcb-devel

> Note that the package manager may be ``yum`` or ``dnf``, depending on the

Reviewer: The projects call themselves [yum](http://yum.baseurl.org/) and [DNF](https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/DNF):

```suggestion
Note that the package manager may be yum or DNF, depending on the
```
